Move the CompactSize, Vector, Array and Option encodings to a new zcash_encoding crate. (#428)
zcash/librustzcash: components/zcash_encoding/README.md

# zcash_encodings

> Zcash-related types that require stable binary encodings for use throughout the 
> Zcash ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides common encoding and decoding operations for stable binary
encodings used throughout the Zcash ecosystem.
```
